[OCPBUGS#42254] [4.12] Fix broken links in ShiftStack docs (#82727)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-openstack-ovs-dpdk-requirements.adoc

To use Open vSwitch with the Data Plane Development Kit (OVS-DPDK) with your deployment, you must meet the following requirements:

> * Plan your {rh-openstack-first} OVS-DPDK deployment by referring to link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/configuring_network_functions_virtualization/plan-ovs-dpdk-deploy_rhosp-nfv[Planning your OVS-DPDK deployment] in the Network Functions Virtualization Planning and Configuration Guide.

Author: ```suggestion
* Plan your {rh-openstack-first} OVS-DPDK deployment by referring to link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/configuring_network_functions_virtualization/plan-ovs-dpdk-deploy_rhosp-nfv[Planning your OVS-DPDK deployment] in the Network Functions Virtualization Planning and Configuration Guide.
```

> * Plan your {rh-openstack-first} OVS-DPDK deployment by referring to link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/configuring_network_functions_virtualization/plan-ovs-dpdk-deploy_rhosp-nfv[Planning your OVS-DPDK deployment] in the Network Functions Virtualization Planning and Configuration Guide.

Author: ```suggestion
* Plan your {rh-openstack-first} OVS-DPDK deployment by referring to link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html-single/network_functions_virtualization_planning_and_configuration_guide/index#create-flavor-deploy-instance-ovsdpdk_cfgdpdk-nfv[Planning your OVS-DPDK deployment] in the Network Functions Virtualization Planning and Configuration Guide.
```

> * Configure your {rh-openstack} OVS-DPDK deployment according to link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/configuring_network_functions_virtualization/config-dpdk-deploy_rhosp-nfv[Configuring an OVS-DPDK deployment] in the Network Functions Virtualization Planning and Configuration Guide.

Author: ```suggestion
* Configure your {rh-openstack} OVS-DPDK deployment according to link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/configuring_network_functions_virtualization/config-dpdk-deploy_rhosp-nfv[Configuring an OVS-DPDK deployment] in the Network Functions Virtualization Planning and Configuration Guide.
```

> * Configure your {rh-openstack} OVS-DPDK deployment according to link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/configuring_network_functions_virtualization/config-dpdk-deploy_rhosp-nfv[Configuring an OVS-DPDK deployment] in the Network Functions Virtualization Planning and Configuration Guide.

Author: ```suggestion
* Configure your {rh-openstack} OVS-DPDK deployment according to link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html-single/network_functions_virtualization_planning_and_configuration_guide/index#configure-dpdk-deploy_rhosp-nfv[Configuring an OVS-DPDK deployment] in the Network Functions Virtualization Planning and Configuration Guide.
```
